DIYGuide.md, before:

# MagicWandBand
This 3D printable product is available in the Eden3D.io store for purchase

[images uploaded soon]



-----------------------------------------------
# FAQ
Q: What is the MagicWandBand?
---
A: MagicWandBand is a 3D printed wearable device. a true sex-symbol fashion statement, to say the least. 

Q: What does the MagicWandBand do?
---
A: This wearable device is designed with a built-in container, storing any size microSD card right on your wrist.

Q: What is the purpose of storing files on a wearable device?
---
A: Having files stored offline, in an air-gapped manner can be incredibly powerful.  Behind an encrypted passphrase on your microSD card, you can feel safe traveling with personal digital files, with minimal risk of losing your hard drive. Store G-Code, .XMF or .STL files to a local 3D printer in your area. Save photos and videos to share. Even store your Bitcoin private keys [WARNING THIS CAN BE DANGEROUS]*! Any digital file that can be stored on a microSD card, can be stored on the MagicWandBand.

[In future release versions, this microSD card will become more useful with on-device features, without having to remove the hard drive.]

Q: How stupid. Why would I carry around my 3D printable files on my wrist!?
---
A: Why wouldn't you? This was designed by us, for us. We are simply sharing it with the world and excited to recieve any feedback to make the proper improvments where necessary in upcoming versions.  Thank you for any constructive criticism and feedback. It's greatly appreciated. 



---------------------------------------------------------


*Please be aware of the dangers in carrying your Bitcoin private keys, mnemonic back-ups , and/or any other private and sensitive data. If chosen to do so, please have;
- A duplicate of this information, should your MagicWandBand and/or microSD card ever be lost or stolen**
- ** If stolen, please have a STRONG encrypted passphrase to protect against unwanted parties accessing this sensitive/private information
- Have a "dummy" MagicWandBand and/or microSD card to deter criminals from accessing your main MagicWandBand. Multiple devices help out in this type of possible senario. 




Copyright Eden3D Printer LLC 2021

Commit message:

updated setup 0 & 1
Added info to 'Step 0' & 'Step 1' sections

DIYGuide.md, after:

# MagicWandBand
This 3D printable product is available in the Eden3D.io store for purchase
A step-by-step guide to build your own MagicWandBand, the 3D printed Magical Wrist Band
------
[images uploaded soon]

------
# Step 0
Hardware prerequisites:

• [See our BOM (Bill of Materials) list here: ]

• Desire to own and use a Magic Wand

------
# Step 1
Source all necessary components:

• Review that you have all necessary hardware and software components ready to begin assembly [viewable above in 'Step 0']


-----------------------------------------------
# FAQ
Q: What is the MagicWandBand?
---
A: MagicWandBand is a 3D printed wearable device. a true sex-symbol fashion statement, to say the least. 

Q: What does the MagicWandBand do?
---
A: This wearable device is designed with a built-in container, storing any size microSD card right on your wrist.

Q: What is the purpose of storing files on a wearable device?
---
A: Having files stored offline, in an air-gapped manner can be incredibly powerful.  Behind an encrypted passphrase on your microSD card, you can feel safe traveling with personal digital files, with minimal risk of losing your hard drive. Store G-Code, .XMF or .STL files to a local 3D printer in your area. Save photos and videos to share. Even store your Bitcoin private keys [WARNING THIS CAN BE DANGEROUS]*! Any digital file that can be stored on a microSD card, can be stored on the MagicWandBand.

[In future release versions, this microSD card will become more useful with on-device features, without having to remove the hard drive.]

Q: How stupid. Why would I carry around my 3D printable files on my wrist!?
---
A: Why wouldn't you? This was designed by us, for us. We are simply sharing it with the world and excited to recieve any feedback to make the proper improvments where necessary in upcoming versions.  Thank you for any constructive criticism and feedback. It's greatly appreciated. 



---------------------------------------------------------


*Please be aware of the dangers in carrying your Bitcoin private keys, mnemonic back-ups , and/or any other private and sensitive data. If chosen to do so, please have;
- A duplicate of this information, should your MagicWandBand and/or microSD card ever be lost or stolen**
- ** If stolen, please have a STRONG encrypted passphrase to protect against unwanted parties accessing this sensitive/private information
- Have a "dummy" MagicWandBand and/or microSD card to deter criminals from accessing your main MagicWandBand. Multiple devices help out in this type of possible senario. 




Copyright Eden3D Printer LLC 2021
